docs: retire EDOT brand across all reference pages (9.5) (#7434)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/get-started/opentelemetry/quickstart/self-managed/index.md

- [Docker on self-managed](docker.md)
- [Hosts or VMs on self-managed](hosts_vms.md)

Before following the quickstart guides to set up your {{edot}} deployment, make sure to [install your self-managed Elastic Stack](/solutions/observability/apm/opentelemetry/index.md).

:::{note}

> Before version 9.5, the **EDOT Collector** was a standalone product. From 9.5 onwards, this OpenTelemetry collector capability is built into **{{agent}}**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::{note}
:applies_to: stack: ga 9.5+
In previous versions, the **EDOT Collector** was a standalone product. From this version onwards, this OpenTelemetry collector capability is built into **{{agent}}**.
```
Avoids plain text versions
